import tasks from OTT (#123)
Andrej1b/zedd2: README.md

# Zedd-App

> The Zedd-App is a Grindstone-like application that automates booking in Platform and simplifies working with multiple

Author: ```suggestion
The Zedd-App is a Grindstone-like application that automates booking in Replicon and OTT and simplifies working with multiple
```

accounts. It operates as an interactive calendar, allowing you to schedule tasks and manage your work time efficiently.

The goal is to make work planning more organized, stress-free and user-friendly. The app is built with Electron,
TypeScript, React, MobX, and MUI.

## Features 📝

- Working time tracking with integrated clock
- Summary window for working hours
- Overview of working time and overtime
- Automatic break of working time when computer is inactive

> - Tasks can be exported to the Platform system with the option of automatic submission

Author: ```suggestion
- Tasks can be exported to Replicon and OTT with the option of automatic submission
```

- Export can also take place in the background

> - Importing tasks from the Platform system

Author: ```suggestion
- Importing tasks from Replicon and OTT
```

> - Individual names for tasks that can be assigned to a Platform task and a comment

Author: ```suggestion
- Individual names for tasks that can be assigned to a OTT/Replicon task and a comment
```

## Usage 🔥

Press the button `IMPORT` and select `ALL` in the dropdown to import Platform accounts. This needs to be repeated when
new accounts are added to Platform that you want to book on. Usually, importing a single project is enough.

Enter what you are currently working on in the field `Currently Timing`. This does not necessarily have to be a Platform
account.
If JIRA is configured, tickets from Jira will be suggested.

Enter the Platform account for the task in `Platform-Account for Task ...`. This can also be done later/Friday and is
retroactive.

Optionally, add a comment in `Platform-Account Comment for This Task`. The tag is automatically calculated and entered
in Platform beforehand.

> At the bottom, you can see what will be exported to Platform. What is currently displayed will always be exported. The

Author: ```suggestion
At the bottom, you can see what will be exported to Replicon/OTT. What is currently displayed will always be exported. The
```

> `Autosubmit` checkbox next to the `Platform` button will submit the timesheets as well.

Author: ```suggestion
`Autosubmit` checkbox will submit the timesheets as well.
```

### Tips and Tricks

| **Command**                                         | **Description**                                  | 
|-----------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------|
| **CTRL+Click** on an empty space in the calendar    | Adds a new slice                                 |
| **CTRL+Click** on an existing slice in the calendar | Divides it into two                              |

> | **ALT+Click**                                       | Sets the slice to the last used Platform account | 

Author: ```suggestion
| **ALT+Click**                                       | Sets the slice to the last used task | 
```

| **CTRL+Z**                                          | Undoes the last action                           | 
| **CTRL+Y**                                          | Will redo any previously-undone action           |

> | Pressing the **Platform button**                    | The current view is booked in Platform.          | 

Author: ```suggestion
| Pressing the **Replicon** button                    | The current view is booked in Replicon.          | 
| Pressing the **OTT** button                           | The current view is booked in OTT.                  | 
```
